User login notice (#1490)
codatio/codat-docs: blog/250130-updates-to-identity-service.md

---
title: "Login service changes: password reset may be required"
date: "2025-01-31"
tags: ["Product", "Update"]
hide_table_of_contents: true
authors: dcoplowe
---

We've recently upgraded our login and security management service. As a result, users who log in to Codat with an **email and password** may need to reset their password after **February 3, 2025**.

<!--truncate-->

## Action required

> If you signed up for a Codat account using **email and password** but haven't logged in to the [Portal](https://app.codat.io/) or the [Relationship Manager](https://relationships.codat.io/) before **February 3, 2025**, you will receive an email prompting you to reset your password. 

Reviewer: This sentence is off, it would need to be 'between x and y' not before 3rd feb. As is, it reads 'if you've never logged in at all'

> If you signed up for a Codat account using **email and password** but haven't logged in to the [Portal](https://app.codat.io/) or the [Relationship Manager](https://relationships.codat.io/) before **February 3, 2025**, you will receive an email prompting you to reset your password. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you signed up for a Codat account using **email and password** but haven't logged in to the [Portal](https://app.codat.io/) or the [Relationship Manager](https://relationships.codat.io/) before **February 3, 2025**, you will receive an email detailing action required to keep access to your account. 
```

> Follow the instructions in the email to restore access to Codat’s services and avoid disruptions to your use of our solutions. Other users don't need to take any action. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the instructions in the email to and reset your account password. Once you've done this, you'll be able to sign in with that new password a access Codat’s services. 

Other users don't need to take any action. 
```
